Assessment 3: AssassinManager Reflection

1) What did you learn from working on this 
assignment?

I learned about the applications of linkedlist
data structures such as how the killer hierarchy
in the "assassin" game can be represented with
list nodes. Similarly, the oppressive hierarchies
represented by the one-way connections of the
linkedlist structure overtly showcased in the
game of "assassin" reflects the inequities inherent
to capitalism; the equalizing human instinct of mutual
aid throughout history has been made irrelevant
by the forced competition capitalism begets,
"assassinated" by the cruel market forces of
supply and demand, the competitive aspect of which
capitalism depends on to survive. It is arguable that
capitalism turns brothers and sisters, once egalitarian, on each other;
in extreme cases as seen in post-industrial society
today, the lack of respect laissez-faire capitalism
shows towards human life, seeing the world solely in
the lens of profits, has led to the deaths of many
through exploitation of the human and natural condition;
an example of this is the phenomena of white-collar
salarymen in Japan, who have been reported to die from
exhaustion while attempting to meet the competitive demands
of their corporate superiors in their attempts to secure capital for
themselves in the deathly rat-race of society, in which living essentials
have been commodified by the imaginary construct known as "capital." As such, the
linkedlist structure and the Assassin game in which the
linkedlist structure is used subconsciously evokes the
inequities in the human condition inherently raised by the
demands of postindustrial capitalism, in which humans are 
literally worked to death by their wealthier counterparts in a
desperate bid to exploit materially meaningless resources of capital, 
similarly to how the game "assassin" simulates a chain of murder 
in pursuit of the materially meaningless construct of becoming the 
"winner". Perhaps, the "assassin" game has become popularized
in American college campuses because colleges in the United States, 
which have become a condensed reflection of the greater world around them, 
subconciously mirror the capitalist economy in which they reside in, in which
the targets of assassination by laissez-faire capitalism are human compassion,
the universality of living essentials, and the principles of mutual aid.

2) What did you struggle most with on this 
assignment? How did you work to overcome 
that struggle (even if you weren't able to)?

I struggled most with maintaining good code
style, and I worked to overcome this struggle
by checking whether my code complies with the
CSE 143 style guide each time after I write
a function.

3) How will you use what you learned from 
this assignment to improve your process or 
approach on future assignments?

I will continue checking whether my code
complies with the CSE 143 style guide each time 
after I write a function.

4) Was any part of the specification or 
requirements unclear? If so, what part(s), 
and how could it have been made clearer?

N/A - all parts of the specification and 
requirements were sufficiently clear.

5) About how many hours did you spend working 
on this assignment? (Estimates are fine, but 
try to get close)

Estimate: 1 hour